Add initial documentation for new SMLIGHT SLZB integration (#33053)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/smlight.markdown

---
title: SMLIGHT SLZB
description: The SMLIGHT SLZB integration allows users to monitor and manage their SMLIGHT SLZB-06x devices from directly within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_release: 2024.07.0
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_domain: smlight
ha_zeroconf: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_codeowners:
  - '@tl-sl'
ha_integration_type: device
---

> The [SMLIGHT](https://smlight.tech) SLZB-06x ethernet Zigbee coordinators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SMLIGHT](https://smlight.tech) SLZB-06x Ethernet Zigbee coordinators
```

provide a convenient way to add Zigbee to your smart home setup.

> This integration allows users to monitor and manage their SLZB-06x devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **SMLIGHT SLZB** {% term integrations %} allows users to monitor and manage their SLZB-06x devices
```

> directly from within Home Assistant. Allowing for direct access to many of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly from within Home Assistant and to directly access many of the
```

features found in the SMLIGHT web UI. You can also use these in your automations.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Prerequisite

> A supported SLZB-06 Adapter, this integration has been tested with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need a supported SLZB-06 adapter.

 This integration has been tested with the following devices:
```

---
title: SMLIGHT SLZB
description: The SMLIGHT SLZB integration allows users to monitor and manage their SMLIGHT SLZB-06x devices from directly within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_release: 2024.9
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_domain: smlight
ha_zeroconf: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_codeowners:
  - '@tl-sl'
ha_integration_type: device
---

The [SMLIGHT](https://smlight.tech) SLZB-06x Ethernet Zigbee coordinators
provide a convenient way to add Zigbee to your smart home setup.

The **SMLIGHT SLZB** {% term integration %} allows users to monitor and manage their SLZB-06x devices
directly from within Home Assistant and to directly access many of the
features found in the SMLIGHT web UI. You can also use these in your automations.

## Prerequisite

You need a supported SLZB-06 adapter.

 This integration has been tested with the following devices:

- [SLZB-06](https://smlight.tech/product/slzb-06)
- [SLZB-06M](https://smlight.tech/product/slzb-06m)
- [SLZB-06p7](https://smlight.tech/product/slzb-06p7)
- [SLZB-06p10](https://smlight.tech/product/slzb-06p10/)
  

> {% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

```

---
title: SMLIGHT SLZB
description: The SMLIGHT SLZB integration allows users to monitor and manage their SMLIGHT SLZB-06x devices from directly within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor

> ha_release: 2024.07.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2024.9
```

ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_domain: smlight
ha_zeroconf: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_codeowners:
  - '@tl-sl'
ha_integration_type: device
---

The [SMLIGHT](https://smlight.tech) SLZB-06x Ethernet Zigbee coordinators
provide a convenient way to add Zigbee to your smart home setup.

> The **SMLIGHT SLZB** {% term integrations %} allows users to monitor and manage their SLZB-06x devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **SMLIGHT SLZB** {% term integration %} allows users to monitor and manage their SLZB-06x devices
```

directly from within Home Assistant and to directly access many of the
features found in the SMLIGHT web UI. You can also use these in your automations.

> ## Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> 
> {% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Prerequisite

You need a supported SLZB-06 adapter.

 This integration has been tested with the following devices:

- [SLZB-06](https://smlight.tech/product/slzb-06)
- [SLZB-06M](https://smlight.tech/product/slzb-06m)
- [SLZB-06p7](https://smlight.tech/product/slzb-06p7)
- [SLZB-06p10](https://smlight.tech/product/slzb-06p10/)

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}
```
